Dawn Abriel: And you are Tamara Pierce. I'm Dr. Aubrey I'll
Dawn Abriel: Turn my volume up
Dawn Abriel: How's that, can you hear me better
Tamara Pierce: I can hear you fine.
Dawn Abriel: Super okay so
Dawn Abriel: I didn't want to cancel on you. I have construction and company.
Dawn Abriel: Same time going on.
Dawn Abriel: So if it gets too loud. I'll just take us outside, we'll finish up, but I thought we could go ahead and get this done for you. So I can already your medicine.
Dawn Abriel: But
Dawn Abriel: I'm usually a lot more prepared.
Dawn Abriel: You know, life happens doesn't it.
Tamara Pierce: It does I manager. Years ago I was in the program for a short time.
Tamara Pierce: Oh, I probably look way different. I'm so sick this morning with just not having anything. So I'm not feeling very well, but maybe you'll recognize you. And I put makeup on.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, if I if I don't see people in group, like, time after time
Tamara Pierce: Right. I've said, I'm sure you see so many thousands of people come through this
Dawn Abriel: I have
Dawn Abriel: I figured out the other day.
Dawn Abriel: I happen to be changing over my computer that
Dawn Abriel: I have done it takes like this to 4062 people your
Tamara Pierce: Number 4063. Oh my god. So I'm right thousands literally thousands
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Okay, now I have to get into Firefox and then into Curio get my password, of course.
Dawn Abriel: That's the magic password.
Dawn Abriel: So remember how long ago it was that you were here.
Tamara Pierce: Three years ago.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, so very
Dawn Abriel: Early
Tamara Pierce: Yes, but just when it started.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh. Okay. Login fails that I don't like the sound of that. Let's see.
Dawn Abriel: Hmm. Oh, let me make sure I'm in the Yep this is
Dawn Abriel: Me.
Dawn Abriel: Will kind of tell me kind of what's been going on.
Tamara Pierce: Um,
Dawn Abriel: Well, I
Dawn Abriel: Settled here.
Tamara Pierce: Going back and forth on Suboxone and heroin.
Tamara Pierce: Just a matter of having it.
Tamara Pierce: And my appointments, you know, down in the south valley. They were extremely hard to get to. So I couldn't
Tamara Pierce: That was I've gone to rehab. That was one of the recommendations that you and your daughter had given me so I did go to rehab.
Tamara Pierce: And went to an inpatient rehab and then I went to a program afterwards and did a residential I lived in Santa Fe, and they're super sober apartment for three months and then came back to Burnham Leo and things just got bad again right away just
Tamara Pierce: This just because I didn't have a you know a program that I was working on. So,
Tamara Pierce: I think in this might be
Tamara Pierce: Hopefully the the thing that I need to do because we can't do any meetings and unless you're doing them online and
Tamara Pierce: Yeah, yeah. So this is the best way I think this might be a good, a good way to do this, then I won't have to be
Tamara Pierce: getting in the car and going anywhere, cuz I don't have a car. Oh.
Tamara Pierce: Right.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I cannot make this work. So we're going to go old style and and
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to stop this in just go to a Word document.
Dawn Abriel: And ask you the questions that way.
Dawn Abriel: Especially the first hundred and 20 days.
Dawn Abriel: They've got to have the support. They've got to have people whose job it is to be on your side, you've got to have something you can say, I want to use. I want to use, you know, terribly bad talk me down.
Tamara Pierce: Yeah, yeah. And the boyfriend isn't always the best one for that because if I tell him that, then he's mad at me for wanting to and
Dawn Abriel: Right, he doesn't understand addiction.
No.
Tamara Pierce: And he always says, Why don't you tell me before you do it.
Tamara Pierce: Because yell at me.
Tamara Pierce: When we fight. I really want to use and
Dawn Abriel: Sure. Right. What's your date of birth.
127 1974
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: You're, you're in Albuquerque. Yes.
Tamara Pierce: I'm in Bernal Leo.
Dawn Abriel: Got 50 miles away.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah exportation
Tamara Pierce: I, I have my boyfriend and he takes me to the appointments that I need to go to
Dawn Abriel: Have your on
Tamara Pierce: My personally I don't I'm getting an inheritance soon, so I will then
Dawn Abriel: I need to put in. Why I to justify why I'm not meeting you in person. So this is
Tamara Pierce: Her okay yeah I have no transportation
Tamara Pierce: Time and
Tamara Pierce: Yeah, I'm in front of Leo.
Dawn Abriel: And, um,
Dawn Abriel: Let's start with the last time you used
Tamara Pierce: Yesterday,
Dawn Abriel: About what time
Tamara Pierce: I'm about 6:30pm oh
Tamara Pierce: Good, yeah.
Tamara Pierce: I'm trying
Dawn Abriel: I'm ready to our
Dawn Abriel: And it was IV heroin.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you have developed tolerance and dependence.
Dawn Abriel: And it is interrupted in relationships in jobs.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Has resulted in problems with co sleep and anxiety.
Dawn Abriel: Those
Tamara Pierce: Do I ever have. What
Dawn Abriel: The overdose.
Tamara Pierce: The food time
Tamara Pierce: Two times and
Dawn Abriel: medical problems because of the IV drug use.
Tamara Pierce: Pain and my more pain than I had when I started
Like
Dawn Abriel: Have an infection around your heart. A lot of people who use IV drugs end up with an infection or the coding around their heart, but you haven't had that
Dawn Abriel: Good and abscesses.
Tamara Pierce: I've had a couple of them.
Dawn Abriel: All right, and any legal issues.
Tamara Pierce: shoplifting or is the port of
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I'm sure when I am finally able to get into karaoke will have your past medical and your social but
Dawn Abriel: Just for this encounter.
Tamara Pierce: That's fine, you know,
Tamara Pierce: My social
Dawn Abriel: No, no. I mean, are you smoking.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, about how much
Tamara Pierce: About 10 cigarettes a day. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So the good news is,
Dawn Abriel: Being on Suboxone helps take away the craving for cigarettes to
Tamara Pierce: Me.
Dawn Abriel: Not completely, but it helps. So when you're motivated to quit smoking.
Dawn Abriel: And you want to be on some you know patches. Let me know, because I really love helping people quit smoking is
Dawn Abriel: Dangerous
Than heroin.
Tamara Pierce: I know that's true.
Dawn Abriel: And how much alcohol.
None
Dawn Abriel: Um, do you eat well
No.
Tamara Pierce: I don't either. And if I do, it's not the right foods.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, do you exercise regularly.
No.
Tamara Pierce: Try to walk, but no.
Dawn Abriel: And do you wear your seat belts.
Yes.
Tamara Pierce: For the most part,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, do you have any guns in your home.
No.
Dawn Abriel: You're female you identify as female
Dawn Abriel: Yes, I'm in your family history is probably the same your mother and father siblings, all that's the same as it was three years ago.
Tamara Pierce: Yes, yes. Okay. My father's my father's one
Dawn Abriel: Oh, how old was he when he died.
Dawn Abriel: Seven years the sound cut out
Oh,
Tamara Pierce: That's good.
Tamara Pierce: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: How old was your father when he died. I
Dawn Abriel: Think I heard 75
Tamara Pierce: Or 75 yes
Tamara Pierce: Okay 75 making sure I'm holding my phone that I'm not covering microphones or something that's
Dawn Abriel: Not okay and um so
Dawn Abriel: Right now.
Dawn Abriel: Let's, let's go ahead and do the review of systems.
Dawn Abriel: You don't have any
Dawn Abriel: Change in vision, no double vision, you don't have any breathing difficulties know runny nose, while you do from let's go over the withdrawal symptoms, let's put those first
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And those are runny nose, I'm sure you have that hot flashes.
Tamara Pierce: Lashes chills.
Tamara Pierce: My stomach's crabbing
Tamara Pierce: And little confusion.
Dawn Abriel: Right. So anything else don't mention
Dawn Abriel: Don't say yes to it. They're really withdrawal, just tell me to add it to the withdrawal symptoms.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Bloody nose.
Dawn Abriel: No mouth ulcers or new dental problems, your neck stiffness lumps pain, no shortness of breath or new cough no irregular heartbeat, or difficulty breathing when you're lying down varicose veins.
Dawn Abriel: Or
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any changes in your fingers from using hurting your veins.
Tamara Pierce: Um, I don't think so often on they seem extremely dry, but I think that was also the meth use. So, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: You don't have any ulcers. Do you have hep C.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: But you've never been treated for it.
Well,
All right.
Dawn Abriel: Not treated yet.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So no officers or
Dawn Abriel: Bladder kidney problems, you don't have any
Tamara Pierce: More that I know London.
Dawn Abriel: No numbness, tingling weakness.
Dawn Abriel: Changes in your
Dawn Abriel: Posture and balance and, you know, easy bruising.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay. And do you have any tattoos.
No.
Dawn Abriel: No, and you're in a small club. I think there
Tamara Pierce: I know
Dawn Abriel: In the whole program that don't have that is
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: Would you get real close. Let's do your pulse. So you have a muscle that goes from
Dawn Abriel: The Mac. If you can you get your pulse for me. And when you haven't let me know and I'll tell you when to start counting
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Start now.
Dawn Abriel: Stop.
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Dawn Abriel: Your height.
Tamara Pierce: Five. Six.
Dawn Abriel: And current weight.
Tamara Pierce: 121 25
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm get real close to the camera. Pull your eyelid down and let me see under your eyelid.
Tamara Pierce: Gracie.
Dawn Abriel: Allen pullback make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: All the way to the left, all the way up and down right look straight ahead. Read that have either side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: And open your mouth really wide.
Dawn Abriel: And stick your tongue out at me. Move it side to side. Excellent. Okay. Close your mouth bite down know chopping
Dawn Abriel: Huh. Good. Let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Great.
Dawn Abriel: And. Take a big deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Okay put ear to shoulder both sides.
Tamara Pierce: Let's sit up.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And then, chin to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And head back head forward.
Dawn Abriel: Good and with the other hand, press on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left no lumps or bumps or pain or discomfort when you're in there.
Dawn Abriel: You know, and bring bring the camera down to your ankles and let me see that. You don't have any swelling in your
Ankles
Dawn Abriel: Super I can, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And then prop the phone up so I can
Tamara Pierce: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I want to see you pull against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Good no pain or discomfort when you do that.
Tamara Pierce: No.
Dawn Abriel: And let me see you tap your fingers to your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: All right. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, good. So let's right let's go over this stuff for the program.
Dawn Abriel: You remember that we need a set of, like, please go to class and right now. You can't just walk in, you have to make an appointment and they'll tell you what their procedure is at the same thing. Have a national list. So you just tell them I'm with bright heart health, and I
Dawn Abriel: These are the orders.
Dawn Abriel: They don't have them, don't leave the lab called bright heart health and have them fax over an order.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay. And we do the urine drug screens once a month, make sure that bright heart health. Has your correct address
Dawn Abriel: And you'll get the envelope in the mail. Just make sure you do not open it until you're in front of the virtual clinic people
Dawn Abriel: So the
Dawn Abriel: Record meters will watch you open it up and then you'll go to the bathroom, come back and roll the cup in front of the camera.
Dawn Abriel: And that's how we do it. Now the docs in the therapists don't have to do it anymore.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to
Dawn Abriel: Sending you some Narc can
Tamara Pierce: Okay, by
Dawn Abriel: Law, I have to always send people are can, yeah. When you're in group. I'm sure you remember the routine there can't be any one in the room because you wouldn't want anyone accidentally recognizing you
Dawn Abriel: It would be awful if you recognize someone on your camera.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Did you already do an ace an adverse childhood experiences.
Dawn Abriel: To 10 question survey.
Tamara Pierce: I think so. To see about trauma.
Dawn Abriel: Right, yeah. If you've done it, then we've got it. But if you haven't
Dawn Abriel: Will ask you to do it again.
Dawn Abriel: Remember, every
Dawn Abriel: Week before group, you have to do a brief addiction monitor the BAM.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And you can do that. An hour before a day before two days before doesn't matter. It's just that we read them all. We read every single patient every week because you can't talk about everything, while you're
Dawn Abriel: Writing group. So this way, it gives us a chance of
Dawn Abriel: Paying attention to what
Dawn Abriel: Risks you're having
Dawn Abriel: Sure. I'm going to send you an email that has a lot of the important information on it, so be sure and keep the email. We need to decide what group you're going to be in
Dawn Abriel: You were with one of your before but she's vole so I've got to put you
Dawn Abriel: I could put you in our
Dawn Abriel: Our Wednesday at 130 if you wanted
Tamara Pierce: Okay, that's fine.
Dawn Abriel: So you weren't in the program long enough to start tapering down where you
Tamara Pierce: Know I was been
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Tamara Pierce: And I am eager to do that as well.
Right.
Dawn Abriel: Here the caper eventually first stable.
Dawn Abriel: About how much hair. When were you doing today.
Tamara Pierce: I'm very much, maybe $10 whereas I mean it came right down. So that's why my sickness isn't as bad as it could be. So
Dawn Abriel: Ah, great. Okay.
Tamara Pierce: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Well, let's let's start you on one
Dawn Abriel: So today's
Dawn Abriel: Thursday.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I don't know if I can pull this off with all that I have going on. We're putting a roof on our house, my brothers again from Washington State to help me do it. So it's cooking three meals a day, cleaning, going to the hardware store two, three times. It's really
Dawn Abriel: And I've been trying to still work so
Dawn Abriel: Like to meet with you like Saturday or Sunday.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let's say, let's do it this way. I'm going to give you eight milligrams
Dawn Abriel: And and you'll have my email. So if the eight milligrams isn't covering you the whole time.
Dawn Abriel: Let's meet on film. I'll email you and say let's get together and we'll figure out what's what you need.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, because I don't want to go a whole seven days.
Right.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: We do not covered. So
Dawn Abriel: Don't hesitate to email me and I will make myself.
Dawn Abriel: Look in my email every day and
Tamara Pierce: He decides to take two a day. I think you're
Dawn Abriel: Right, there's
Tamara Pierce: A song.
Dawn Abriel: We just don't know at this point.
Dawn Abriel: What's
Tamara Pierce: What you read, read.
Dawn Abriel: And check in over a week and
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: And your group will be Wednesday. So that means your therapist will probably be a lady named Lisa
Dawn Abriel: Okay, Lisa Anderson. So you'll see on the email that I send you it will have her address
Dawn Abriel: Will do and Nelson to to design a treatment plan for you and to start the individual therapy.
Dawn Abriel: Therapy is a really personal. I mean, it's awful. When you get a bad haircut right
Tamara Pierce: No, no.
Dawn Abriel: Go get go find another
Dawn Abriel: hairdresser, but to stay with the therapist that you don't trust that you don't match.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, much worse. Don't let that happen.
Dawn Abriel: You know, after four or five tries just tell the therapist. You know, I don't think this is working.
Dawn Abriel: They don't take it personally if it happens to all of us, I mean,
Tamara Pierce: Not in the right feeling too.
Dawn Abriel: Right. Well, usually they do. Right.
Tamara Pierce: And right now.
Dawn Abriel: I have been to some therapists that I thought were
Dawn Abriel: Well, mostly, I think they're too soft, they let me get away with.
Tamara Pierce: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Three therapist because they let me get away with just telling them stories. I thought
Dawn Abriel: I'm not going to pay you $150 now.
Tamara Pierce: For my creativity.
Dawn Abriel: That's right. No, thank you. Alright, so I will send that
Dawn Abriel: Note to Lisa
Dawn Abriel: And if you're a match that be great.
Dawn Abriel: And I will order your medicine, just as soon as I can get upstairs and
Dawn Abriel: things even more interesting. Here I have clean people
Tamara Pierce: Oh, no.
Tamara Pierce: You are busy.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm in the pool room, I'm in the greenhouse.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, just to find a quiet and
Tamara Pierce: You're in Santa Fe. Right.
Tamara Pierce: Well, that's where
Tamara Pierce: The inpatient Santa Fe recovery. I went to this.
Dawn Abriel: What was that like
Tamara Pierce: I thought it was great. I think the people running it a little bit.
Tamara Pierce: I mean I got kicked out because of some confusion between my counselors that I was given permission to spend the night after three months. This was my third month and I was given permission to spend the night in Bernal Leo.
Tamara Pierce: With my parents and
Tamara Pierce: Apparently, it wasn't okay with the director and they kicked me out. And to me, that was just really preposterous and I relapsed pretty quickly, because it was such a surprise, and I didn't have anywhere to go, except for back to my boyfriend and
Tamara Pierce: Wow, not ready to be living with each other again and it was horrible. So other than that I really enjoyed it. I thought it was great.
Tamara Pierce: That was a shock.
Dawn Abriel: That's good. You know, you hear people say, I want that in writing.
Tamara Pierce: Yeah, absolutely.
Dawn Abriel: And that reminds me. We're having kind of an issue. I've noticed with the pandemic. I'm, I'm telling all of my patients.
Dawn Abriel: When you go to the pharmacy. So you're going to call and say, Is my script ready to pick up tell them I'm going to ask for them to be counted in front of me.
Dawn Abriel: Okay with them count in front of you. They don't care. It's a real bother it backs up the line.
Dawn Abriel: It's too important because I can't write for more
Tamara Pierce: It right when I drive away. That's it.
Dawn Abriel: No, it's worse than that, once you touch the bag.
Tamara Pierce: Oh my gosh. Wow.
Worse.
Dawn Abriel: So, okay, hold your hands and say my doc is a bitch. She's a horrible person.
Tamara Pierce: I can
Dawn Abriel: Make me she will yell at me if I don't have my medicine counted. But it's really
Tamara Pierce: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But I don't mind taking the heat.
OK.
Dawn Abriel: OK, so we've got the lab, the prescription the urine drug screen group and you're going to, yeah. We'll see if you've already done the ACE exam.
Dawn Abriel: So you know that before every group and every individual appointment, you have to go to the virtual clinic.
Tamara Pierce: Yeah, I think so. Yeah.
Tamara Pierce: Are you
Dawn Abriel: Just like you did with me this morning.
Dawn Abriel: Right, right. They gave you the number. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: So we have a tighter hold now on people. We were getting dinged for not having not following up with people getting their urine drug screen. So we found this system where
Dawn Abriel: They don't give you the number for the group, unless you
Dawn Abriel: So you go yeah
Dawn Abriel: So that's really made it work better. Do you have any questions.
Tamara Pierce: I don't so far.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Well, again, I'll send you that email as soon as I get on to my upstairs computer
Dawn Abriel: And I will get your medicine ordered as soon as possible.
Tamara Pierce: Okay, great. Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: Remind me how to say your name.
Dawn Abriel: Tamra
Tamara Pierce: tam like camera.
Dawn Abriel: Emphasis in the beginning. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: If people, many times. And this might be the one that that sticks.
Yeah.
Tamara Pierce: Look good, I was tell people like cameras so
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I remember now.
Dawn Abriel: Stay in touch with me over email.
Tamara Pierce: Okay, I will
Tamara Pierce: Okay, okay. Thank
Tamara Pierce: You
Dawn Abriel: You bet. All right.
Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I still apologize for the disorganization here I will generate a chart later prep, I hope, believe, by the time you get this recording
Dawn Abriel: But she is a repeat so she'll have a lot of the information from last time that will be easy, but do it on a bright heart health history and physical HMP